SEO excerpts: part 2 (#3826)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/schema-management/about-tablespaces.md

---
title: About tablespaces

> excerpt: A tablespace is a logical storage unit that enables database objects to be stored in specific physical locations on a disk. Learn how tablespaces work for chunks of Timescale Cloud hypertables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: A tablespace is a logical storage unit that enables database objects to be stored in specific physical locations on a disk. Learn how tablespaces work for Timescale Cloud hypertable chunks
```
